We make business contact data available to our customers on a subscription basis. Our customers are sales and marketing teams of businesses looking to establish a connection with other businesses who are potential buyers of their products, to gauge interest in their offerings or for other internal business purposes such as recruiting. Our license agreements require that the data is used for permitted purposes and do not allow unauthorized use, sale or transfer of the data. 

This privacy notice provides information about how 6Sense Insights, Inc., and its affiliates ("6sense") collect, process, and transfer personal data about business representatives and contacts as a service to help our business-to-business ("B2B") customers ("Users") engage with businesses. Your business contact information, including your name, professional title, contact details, information you have made available through online websites or social media, and other business data ("Business Data") may be found in our database. We are contacting you to let you know that you have the right to opt out at any time by contacting us through our online Privacy Center (www.6sense.com/privacy-center). Please do not reply directly to this email as the inbox is not monitored.

Please continue to read this notice for details on how we may process your personal data. 

What categories of personal data does 6sense collect?
We gather information about business organizations and the executives and professionals who work for those organizations. The type of information we collect may fall within the following categories of personal data about you, past or current: 

    Name
    Email
    Company Name
    Company Business Address(es)
    Business Phone Numbers (corporate, direct dial, mobile)
    Job Title/Job Role
    Education
    Employment-Related Information
    Social Media Profile(s)  


What is our legal basis for processing personal data?
Our processing of the Business Data is based on our legitimate interest to collect and analyze B2B contact information and legitimate interest of our partners and customers to perform marketing, sales and recruiting activities. We only collect a limited set of business contact data as necessary for the business offering, and do not collect or process sensitive data. The uses described in this notice have a limited impact on the privacy of individuals because the Business Data is related to a person's role on behalf of a business, and is typically both widely disclosed and readily available to the public. 

What are our sources of Business Data?
We source Business Data from a variety of sources, including: Publicly available information, such as business contact data posted on websites and publicly available government records, and agreements with third parties. Depending on the type of data and its uses in our services, we may combine data from multiple sources. 

What are our policies on security, storage & retention?
We take reasonable measures to help protect information from unauthorized disclosure. While we employ diligent efforts to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.
We use third-party private cloud services currently located in the United States to securely store your information, but could change the location depending on use cases and other factors.
We continually review the quality and accuracy of the data and update the data to the extent we are informed that the data might be inaccurate or remove it when it might be outdated. We retain your information only for as long as it is necessary for our business purposes or until you exercise your right to erasure/ deletion of your information. See Your Rights below.

With whom will we share Business Data?
Business Data may be provided to our customers, partners, service providers, and processors. These recipients are business organizations who are contractually obligated to use the information lawfully. We may transfer Business Data to other countries from where we source the data, both in connection with our own processing and when we license or provide it to others. In connection with any such transfer, we ensure that we have in place suitable transfer mechanisms and safeguards to protect the data as required under applicable European Union, UK and Swiss data protection laws 

What are your rights with respect to our processing of personal data?
You have the right to request that we 
(1) provide you with access to your personal data, 
(2) rectify or correct or erase your personal data or restrict the processing of your data; or 
(3) allow you to download your data, to data portability (where applicable), and to lodge a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in your country, consistent with legal requirements in your country. 

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: datasubjectrequests@6sense.com, at the address below or through our website via our online Privacy Center (www.6sense.com/privacy-center). 

For more detailed information regarding our privacy practices, you can review our privacy policy at https://www.6sense.com/privacy-policy. Any questions about this notice should be addressed to datasubjectrequests@6sense.com.We may also be contacted at: 
6Sense Insights, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
450 Mission Street, Suite 201
San Francisco, California, USA 94105 

Regards,
6sense Privacy Team



==========================================================================
Skip to Content
Site map
Skip to content

    Integrations
    Contact Us
    Log In

    Marketing


Sales

Solutions

6sense Revenue AI	

Resources

Forrester Wave	

Customers

Company

BOOK A DEMO

Updated 2/27/2023
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents

1. PURPOSE
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
4. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
5. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
6. YOUR DATA RIGHTS – OPT-OUT AND CHOICE
7. EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND – CONTROLLER, LAWFUL BASES, AND RIGHTS
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
9. COOKIES, PIXEL TAGS/WEB BEACONS AND ANALYTICS INFORMATION
10. OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
11. REVISIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY

    12. CONTACT INFORMATION – ACCESSING, CORRECTING, UPDATING YOUR DATA

 
1. PURPOSE

6Sense Insights, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “6sense” or “we”) respect and protect the privacy of our users and clients. The following practices govern how we collect, use, share and protect the information you provide to us through our websites (each a “Site”) and other information we might collect about you and the choices you have regarding our collection and use of your information. In this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means information that may be used to identify you personally, such as your name, street address, email or telephone number and any other information that relates to you.

    For Subscribers of our services (described below) 6sense also enters into data processing addendums and terms of service that govern, as between 6sense and the Subscriber, how 6sense processes Subscriber-Provided Information at the Subscriber’s direction.

2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

The types of Personal Information we might collect about you when you use our Sites, or otherwise interact or engage with 6sense through other channels, could include the following:

    Identifiers: Information that identifies you directly or could be used to identify you.
        Examples: Full name, email address, social media account information, phone number, job title and description, company name, customer account information, IP address, and other data that identifies or could identify your online activity.
    Commercial Information: Information related to purchases that you or your company might make in connection with our services.
        Examples: Purchase history, products considered.
    Online Activity: Limited information about your use of the internet collected via web analytics.
        Examples: Browsing and/or search history regarding sites visited before or after visiting our Sites, the type of operating system used to connect to our Sites, interactions with our services or our advertisements, browser type, Internet service provider, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view within the services, and your preferences when you use the Sites.
    Geo-IP Information: information about where your computer or device is approximately located (at the city or state level) when you use the Sites .
    Inferences: Information we can determine or estimate about you based on information we collect about you.
        Examples: Purchase preferences, potential future purchase behavior.
    User-Generated Content: Information you post on the Sites.
        Examples: Comments or reviews about products.

3. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION

Depending on your relationship with 6sense, we may collect Personal Information from you in different ways. Some of the ways that 6sense may collect Personal Information include:

    When you give us Personal Information directly, including through contact forms on our Sites, surveys, registering for or participating in events, or by emailing or calling us to request products, services, or information. This Personal Information would include the specific identifiers you provide directly to us.
    When you post user-generated content on our Sites, we will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including identifiers you submit. User-generated content you submit to any public area of the Sites is considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections in this Privacy Policy.
    We may record any calls, training sessions, webinars, or similar events that you participate in with us. We will take commercially reasonable efforts to inform you prior to the recording and provide you with the opportunity to object to the recording.
    When we collect information about your online activity automatically through our Sites through web analysis, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers and other identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or devices when you access the Internet.
    When our subscriber clients (“Subscribers”) use our analytics-based, data driven solutions in their business-to-business marketing and sales efforts. When acting as a service provider for our Subscribers who use our solutions, we may receive Personal Information about your online activity and commercial information based on your interactions with our Subscribers. This could include sales data, web data/Site activity data and business contact and lead information that is governed by the Subscriber’s privacy policies (collectively, “Subscriber-Provided Information”).
    When Subscribers use our advertising solutions, 6sense receives data from its partners related to ads served. Some of the data received may be considered Personal Information, such as Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers and other identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or devices when you access the Internet. 6sense is a member of the IAB  (https://www.iab.com/member-directory/) and follows IAB Standards & Guidelines.
    From third-party providers, partners and integrators who gather data from a variety of sources including data co-ops or publicly-available sources that we use to develop professional profiles (“Business Profile Information”) that is compiled into our Business Database. Such information could include identifiers, such as name, title, department company name, company’s officers, and certain company employees, business and/or cell phone numbers, fax number, office address, email addresses, employment and education history, social media data and similar information.
    We may collect information from third parties such as web-based and mobile networks, exchanges, aggregators and publishers that is collected from their sites and properties, which might include identifiers such as IP address, cookies and other unique identifiers that might be considered Personal Information. We do not reverse engineer this information to identify you personally such as your name, mailing address or email address. Instead, we use the data to identify the company associated with the data and analyze the company’s behavior from a marketing and sales perspective for the benefit of our partners and Subscribers. The type of information collected via the identifiers might include information about online behavior, such as pages visited, time spent on a web page, session start/stop time, whether the visitor scrolled through or clicked on an ad or webpage, referring website address and geolocation, that is then associated with the company identified.

Except as may be applicable for our employees or job applicants, for whom we have separate privacy policies, we do not knowingly collect sensitive Personal Information (such as medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of an individual).
4. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION

We process Personal Information for a variety of purposes, but only for the reasons for which we collected it. As applicable, we only process Personal Information when we have a legal basis to do so, as explained in this Policy.

We use the Personal Information we collect for the following business purposes.

    To Provide Products, Services, or Information Requested: 6sense may use your Personal Information to fulfill requests for products, services, or information, including information about potential or future services, including to:
        Manage your information and accounts;
        Respond to your inquiries;
        Provide access to certain features of the Sites;
        Allow you to register for events.
    Administrative Purposes: 6sense may use your Personal Information for its administrative purposes, including to:
        Measure interest in 6sense’s services;  
        Ensure internal quality control;
        Communicate with you about your accounts and activities involving us and our services, including changes to our Sites or services;
        Verify your identity or account, as necessary;
        Process payment for products or services purchased;
        Process applications and transactions;
        Comply with regulatory requirements;
        Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
        Data analysis to identify usage trends, determine effectiveness of marketing or improve our Site or services;
        Enforce our Terms of Use at https://6sense.com/terms-of-use/
    Research and Development: We may perform survey research (online and offline). Sometimes we may ask third parties to conduct this research for us. You do not have to participate in these surveys. We will use the information we collect for research and reporting purposes to help us improve our Sites and services. Similarly, if you post any user-generated content to the Sites, 6sense, and our Subscribers, may use this information to improve our products or overall customer experience.
    We use the Personal Information we collect for the following commercial purposes.
    Marketing 6sense Products and Services: Individuals who provide us with Personal Information, or whose Personal Information we obtain from third parties may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us with information about us or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest and as permitted by applicable law. If you prefer that we not use your Personal Information for these purposes you may opt-out as described in Section 6 of this policy. We may display personal testimonials and other endorsements on our Sites. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name.
    Subscriber-Provided Information. 6sense may use Subscriber-Provided Information to process data for our Subscribers.
    Business Profile Information. We may use Business Profile Information to provide business-to-business contacts and enriched data to our Subscribers and partners for their business-to-business marketing and sales purposes and for such business purposes as permitted under our agreements. We also may make a limited set of Business Profile Information publicly available on our directory pages on our Site. The information might include name, company, office address, job title, education, job history and similar information.

De-Identified and Aggregated Information. 6sense may use Personal Information and other information you provide to us or that we collect about you to create de-identified and aggregated information that does not directly identify you. We use this information for a variety of functions, including learning more about our current services, and developing new services. De-identified or aggregated information is not Personal Information. We may share this information within 6sense and with third parties in a de-identified or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.

Other Uses. We may use Personal Information for other purposes for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, training purposes, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.

New Uses of Personal Information. Before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally disclosed to you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose through updates to this privacy policy or other means to give you the opportunity to opt out. Where we are legally required to get your consent before processing Personal Information, we will comply with that requirement.

Combining Personal Information. As described in Section 3 above, we may purchase information from third parties to combine with Personal Information we have already collected from you. We purchase this information for our internal marketing purposes, and also to provide to our Subscribers and partners as part of our business-to-business analytics and data driven marketing and sales services.
5. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may share your information as described in this Privacy Policy or with your permission.

    Service Providers. We may share your Personal Information (including Business Profile Information and Subscriber-Provided Information when permitted by our Subscribers) with third-party contractors, partners, vendors and providers we use to perform functions on our behalf or on behalf of our Subscribers for business purposes, including hosting or enriching data, customer relationship management, tech and security support, communications, and advertising (“Service Providers”). These companies will have access to your Personal Information only to perform their functions and may not use it for any other purpose. We will only share your Personal Information with Service Providers that can provide sufficient guarantees that they will process your Personal Information securely and in accordance with Data Protection Legislation. We obligate our Service Providers from taking any action with respect your Personal Information unless instructed by 6sense. Such Service Providers are required to maintain the confidentiality of your Personal Information, and for Service Providers handling Subscriber-Provided Information, they are subject to substantially the same level of data protection as imposed on 6sense by its Subscribers.
    Business Partners. 6sense may share Personal Information with our business partners and affiliates to fulfill our contractual commitments, or to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. We also share this information for marketing or sales purposes including in connection with conferences or events where (if applicable) you have consented to sharing. 6sense may also provide Personal Information to business partners we work with to jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you.
    Subscribers. We may share Business Profile Information we collect and process for our Subscribers with our Subscribers. Our Subscribers’ privacy policies discuss how they will use this information.
    Affiliates. We may share Personal Information with our affiliated companies.
    Interest-Based Advertising and Third-Party Marketing. We may allow third-party advertising partners to set tracking tools on our Sites to collect information regarding your online activity. For more information about this, see Section 9 below. We may also use this and other Personal Information (such as demographic information or hashed email addresses) with third-party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) to provide you with more relevant advertisements when you visit websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising.” If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with third-party advertising partners for this purpose, you may opt out as described in Section 6 of this policy.
    Disclosures for Legal or Similar Purposes. We may disclose your Personal Information if necessary to: (i) comply with legal requirements, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iii) to enforce 6sense policies or contracts or other commitments; (iv) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution; or (v) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
    Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, we may sell or transfer your Personal Information in connection with this transaction (unless otherwise prohibited by our Subscriber contracts or applicable law). Should such an event occur, 6sense will make efforts to ensure that the recipient use Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy.

6. YOUR DATA RIGHTS – OPT-OUT AND CHOICE

    General. You have certain choices about your Personal Information. If you have questions or concerns regarding 6sense’s collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information, or if you wish to exercise your rights, including the right to be removed from our Business Database, please contact us at privacy@6sense.com or by using any of the other methods described in Section 12. Where you have provided opt-in consent to the use of your Personal Information, we will also give you the option to opt out in a similar manner, as required by law.
    Please note also that we may have information about you in some instances where we are acting as a data processor or service provider for other businesses. In such cases, we recommend that you contact the businesses to which you originally provided your Personal Information to complete the requests described below.
    Email and Telephone Communications. To opt out of promotional emails, you can use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or email privacy@6sense.com. You will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you other non-promotional emails that you will not be able to opt out of (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this Policy). For telephone communications, we maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law.
    Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control Signals. Do Not Track (“DNT”) and Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) are privacy preferences that users can set in certain web browsers to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. You may choose to enable online, where available, DNT or GPC signals to opt out of the collection and sharing of Personal Information related to your website activity.

7. EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND – CONTROLLER, LAWFUL BASES, AND RIGHTS

Data Controller. For residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom (“UK”), and Switzerland, 6sense is the data controller responsible for the personal information collected on the Sites, and as described in Sections 1-5 of this Privacy Policy. This excludes instances where we are providing services on behalf of our Subscribers for which we are acting as a processor, and in such circumstances, Subscribers are acting as controllers, and we are acting as a processor.

6sense will process your Personal Information in accordance with Data Protection Legislation. In the UK, “Data Protection Legislation” means the Data Protection Act 2018 (“DPA 2018”), United Kingdom Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”), the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 (“PECR”) and any legislation implemented in connection with the aforesaid legislation. For data subjects based in Switzerland, “Data Protection Legislation” means the Federal Act on Data Protection 1992 (“FADP”), the Swiss Federal Act against Unfair Competition (“UCA”) and will include the “Revised FADP” once effective. Where Personal Information is processed by a controller or processor established in the European Union or Personal Information is comprised of data of people in the European Union, “Data Protection Legislation” means the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“EU GDPR”), and any legislation implementing the EU GDPR. This includes any legislation amending or updating the EU GDPR.

Lawful Basis. We only process, store, or transfer your Personal Information when we have a lawful basis for doing so. The legal bases we may rely on to process your Personal Information are as follows:

    Legitimate Interest: Where processing of your Personal Information is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests (ours or our Subscribers or partners business interests), except where such rights are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where an alternate basis is required under applicable law.
    Consent: Processing of your Personal Information may occur when you have given consent for such processing for one or more specific purposes.
    Legal Obligation: Where processing of your Personal Information is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.
    Contractual Obligation: Where processing of your Personal Information is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
    With respect to Business Profile Information we add to our Business Database, we provide individualized notice to data subjects as may be required under Article 14 of the GDPR and other applicable laws regarding our collection and use of their personal information and the right to opt-out of our Business Database and other rights as applicable.

Rights. If you are a citizen of a country in the European Economic Area, UK, or Switzerland, you have the right to:

        Be informed about the collection and use of your Personal Information. One method that we use to notify you of the collection and use of your Personal Information is through use of a privacy policy, such as the one that you are reading now.
        Access Personal Information about you consistent with legal requirements.
        Portability. You have the right to receive or have your electronic Personal Information transferred to another party in certain circumstances.
        Request correction of your Personal Information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. We may provide tools you can use yourself to update your Personal Information or we may refer you to our Subscriber or other controller of your Personal Information who is able to make the correction.
        Request deletion of your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, also known as the “Right to be Forgotten.”
        Request restriction of or object to processing of your Personal Information, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law.
        Data Protection Legislation also gives individuals the right not to be subject to solely automated decisions, including profiling, which have a legal or similarly significant effect on the individual. These Data Protection Legislation provisions restrict the circumstances under which a controller may carry out this type of processing and affords individuals specific rights in such circumstances. Although elements of our processing are automated, they are not solely automated and human intervention is actively part of the process. These rights are therefore inapplicable.

International Transfers. We are a United States based company with international business operations, and therefore our use of your Personal Information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are an individual located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and elsewhere outside the United States. As more fully described in agreements between Subscribers and 6sense, Subscriber-Provided Information may be transferred across international borders, including without limitation from the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK to the US. Any cross-border transfers of Subscriber-Provided Information are supported by an approved adequacy mechanism where required by applicable law, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses.

Adherence to EU-U.S and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. 6sense complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from EU, the UK, and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. 6sense has certified to the Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles, including principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.  If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. 6sense continues to adhere to the requirements of the Privacy Shield; however, we have implemented additional safeguards and transfer mechanisms to ensure that any international transfers of Personal Information are done lawfully and securely, including through use of data processing addendums and Standard Contractual Clauses.

EEA, UK, or Switzerland Privacy Complaints. In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, 6sense commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact 6sense at: privacy@6sense.com; or at 6Sense Insights Inc., 450 Mission St., Suite 201, San Francisco, California, 94105. With respect to onward transfers of data subject to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield, we remain liable for processing such transfers in accordance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles. 6sense has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus.

If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU–privacy–shield/for–eu–consumers for more information or to file a complaint. With respect to our compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations 6sense may be subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  You may also have a right, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration under Privacy Shield; for additional information, see https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX–I–introduction. The FTC has jurisdiction over 6sense’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.

Supervisory Authorities. For the UK, Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) regulates data protection and privacy matters in the UK. The ICO makes information accessible to individuals on its website, and the ICO makes available the registration details for UK data controllers, such as 6sense. You can access them here https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public. You can make a complaint to the ICO about the use of your Personal Information. Alternatively, Swiss data subjects can contact the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch. However, we hope that you would consider raising any issue or complaint you have with us first either through our registered DPOs (see information listed below), or directly to our privacy email at privacy@6sense.com. We appreciate the opportunity to address any concerns.

6sense UK Registration and UK DPO Contact Information:

Our UK office is registered with the ICO and has the registration number: ZB358854.

Our contact information for our Data Protection Officer (DPO) is:

The DPO Centre Ltd.
50 Liverpool Street
London EC2M 7PY
UK

You can also contact our UK DPO via UKDPO@6sense.com

6sense EU Representative Contact Information:

Our contact information for our EU Representative is:

The DPO Centre Europe Ltd.
Alexandra House
3 Ballsbridge Park
Dublin, D04C7H2
Ireland
+353 (0) 1 631 9460

You can also contact our EU Representative via EURep@6sense.com.
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides certain legal rights for California residents. This section generally describes those rights and how you may exercise them in connection with our practices described in this policy.

6sense has disclosed Personal Information in the categories identified in Section 2 to its vendors and service providers in the last 12 months for the purposes described in Section 4, including to provide services to our Subscribers or for operational and other purposes as permitted in our agreements with Subscribers and as provided in this Privacy Policy.

Disclosure and Sale or Share of Personal Information and the Right to Opt-Out

    Sale of Business Profile Information

As an optional feature of 6sense services, we compile Business Profile Information and make this data available in our Business Database to our Subscriber customers and partners for their business purposes. Under our current subscriptions, we do not add Subscriber-Provided Information to our Business Database.

Business Profile Information may contain information about individuals’ business personas including name, employer, job title, email address, phone number, office address, and work or educational history.

If you would like to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information that might be included within the Business Database, please click here: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

We make Personal Information in our Business Database available on a subscription basis. Sales are made to partners or Subscribers to sales or marketing teams in B2B companies that are looking to establish a connection with or gain insights into potential buyers of their offerings. In the past twelve (12) months, we’ve sold the following categories of business-related Personal Information in the Business Database:

    Identifiers, like your name or username, business email address, business title, company, location, business phone number, IP address, account ID, device ID, cookie ID, and other similar identifiers.
    Commercial Information: Information related to purchases that you might make in a business context.
    Electronic, visual, or similar information, such as your profile photo.
    Professional or Employment-Related Information: Information related to your employment, including current job title, and work history.
    Inferences drawn from any of the above: Business-related information we can determine or estimate about you based on the Business Profile Information.

We do not disclose, sell, collect, retain, or share sensitive personal information (which is personal information that is not publicly available like your Social Security number, driver’s license number, or medical history.) The identified categories of Business Profile Information that are disclosed and/or sold by 6sense to its Subscribers include business contact information in the context of an employee’s role with their employer. We do not sell or share the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age.

    Share of Personal Information by 6sense for Advertising Purposes

6sense may use your Personal Information for advertising purposes on behalf of itself or its Subscribers. With respect to visitors to the 6sense website, 6sense may use information learned from a retargeting cookie placed by 6sense on your browser that allows 6sense to display ads to you on other wesbites, based on your visit to the 6sense website. If you would like to opt-out of the share of your Personal Information used to show ads to you on other sites, please click here to opt out: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

In the past twelve (12) months, we’ve shared the following categories of Personal Information with our service providers and business partners for advertising purposes:

    Identifiers, like your email address, IP address, account ID, device ID, cookie ID, and other similar identifiers.
    Commercial Information: Information related to purchases that you might make in a business context.
    Internet or other electronic network activity information, including but not limited to, browsing history and website activity.
    Inferences drawn from any of the above: Business-related information we can determine or estimate about you based on your Personal Information.
        Examples: Purchase preferences in connection with your employment, potential future purchase behavior in connection with your employment.

We do not disclose, sell, collect, retain, or share sensitive personal information (which is personal information that is not publicly available like your Social Security number, driver’s license number, or medical history.) We do not sell or share the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age.

    Your Rights. If you are a California resident, you have the right to:
        Opt-Out of the Sale and Share of Your Data. You can request that we do not sell or share Personal Information about you. Once we receive and verify your request, we will not sell or share your Personal Information. You can opt-out of the sale of your data here.
        Access. You can request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information in the past 12 months with respect to our role as a “business” under the CCPA. Once we receive and verify your request, we will give you the following information:
            The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
            The categories of sources of Personal Information we collected about you.
            Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
            The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
            The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
        Delete. You can request that we delete the Personal Information that we collected from you. Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete your Personal Information from our records. We are not required to delete information if we need to use it for the following:
            Completing a transaction or contract with you.
            Detecting security interests, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecuting people responsible for that activity.
            Debugging our products to identify and repair errors to our Services.
            Exercising, and allowing others to exercise, free speech, or other legal rights.
            Internal uses that align with your expectations.
            Complying with a legal requirement.
            Other internal and lawful uses consistent with the reasons you provided the information.

Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.

    Exercising Rights. To exercise the above rights, please visit our Privacy Center, or send a letter or email with your request and current contact information to 6sense at:

6Sense Insights, Inc.

450 Mission Street, Suite 201

San Francisco, CA 94105

Or Email: privacy@6sense.com

In order to protect your privacy, we will ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your access or deletion request. This process may require you to provide additional information, which we will only use for verification purposes.

Agent Requests. You may authorize someone to make a privacy rights request on your behalf (an authorized agent). Authorized agents will need to demonstrate that you’ve authorized them to act on your behalf, and that they are registered with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California, or must demonstrate they have power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law. We retain the right to request confirmation directly from you confirming that the agent is authorized to make such a request, or to request additional information to confirm the agent’s identity. An authorized agent is prohibited from using a consumer’s personal information, or any information collected from or about the consumer, for any purpose other than to fulfill the consumer’s requests, for verification, or for fraud prevention.

§999.317(g)(2) Metrics Requirement

During the previous twelve (12) months, 6sense received the following number of requests from residents of California:
 	Received	Complied with in
Whole or in Part	Denied	Median Number of Days
to Respond
Requests to know	2	2	0	8.5 days
Requests to delete	57	57	0	13 days
Requests to opt-out	1	1	0	13 days
9. COOKIES, PIXEL TAGS/WEB BEACONS AND ANALYTICS INFORMATION

We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Sites, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information. These Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your computer, and other devices, that allow us to record information whenever you visit or interact with our Sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools, and to recognize you across devices.

    Cookies. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. If you choose to delete cookies, our Sites may not work properly.
    Pixel Tags/Web Beacons. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the Site that collects information about how you engage with a web page. The pixel allows us to record, for example, which web pages you’ve visited or advertisements you’ve clicked on. These pixel tags work with cookies to let us know what portions of our Sites interest you, help us provide you with tailored information from our Site, and help us enhance and develop our products and services.
    Social Media Widgets. Our Sites include social media features such as the Facebook “Like” button and Twitter and LinkedIn widgets to let you share and interact with content on social media. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. We cannot control how these companies use your information. By using these services you assume the risk that third parties may use the Personal Information you provide for any number of purposes.
    Analytics and Internet-Based Advertisers. We may also use Google Analytics and other vendors to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our services and to remarket to audiences visiting the Sites and to develop Site content.
        For more information about Google Analytics, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of the data your use of the services generates by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We may have similar arrangements with internet-based advertisers that might display ads when you visit our Sites. These companies may collect personal and other information about your visits to this and other sites to provide ads about products and services that might be of interest to you. The privacy policies and practices of these third-party providers will govern their use and collection of this information.  

We use the Technologies as follows:

    Strictly Necessary. We use Technologies that are necessary to operate our Sites, services, applications, and tools. This includes Technologies that allow you to access our Sites, services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular Site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security; or that allow you to use shopping carts, saved search, or similar functions. The Sites usually only set these cookies when you make a specific action, like setting privacy preferences, or logging into the Sites. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Site may then not work.
    Performance. We may use Technologies to assess and improve the performance of our Sites, applications, services, and tools, including to help us understand how our visitors use our Sites, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, or determine whether you have viewed an item or link. All information these Technologies collect is aggregated and de-identified.
    Functional. We may use Technologies to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Sites, services, applications, or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our Sites. If you do not allow these Technologies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
    Targeting. We may use Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Sites or on third-party sites. This includes using Technologies to understand whether the advertising you see is useful, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement. 6sense and our advertising partners may set these Technologies. Our advertising partners may use these Technologies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other Sites.
    Social Media. Social media services set these Technologies to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
    Opting Out of Technologies. If you would like to opt-out of the Technologies we employ on our Sites, services, applications, or tools, you may block, delete, or disable them through your browser, as applicable. The online advertising industry also provides websites you can use to opt out of receiving targeted ads from advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy at www.aboutads.info/choices/, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, https://youradchoices.ca/choices and www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. Alternatively, for some devices you may use your device’s platform controls to make choices about these Technologies. Please note that you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device and that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications.

10. OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION

    Security Measures. We take steps to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Our security program includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate for our size and resources and the types of information that we process. We cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will be 100% secure. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure and you acknowledge that we are not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet. Should you use our Sites or provide Personal Information to us, we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Sites, where we have a legitimate interest or other lawful basis to do so. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Site or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
    Retention. 6sense retains the Personal Information we process on behalf of our Subscribers for as long as needed to provide services to our Subscribers or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected. We will retain and use this Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Where 6sense is a data controller, we will retain your Personal Information in accordance with Data Protection Legislation and for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. In some circumstances we may anonymize your Personal Information (so that it can no longer be associated with you).
    Data Transfers.  Personal Information that 6sense collects may be stored or transferred outside of your state, province, country, or governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction, including but not limited to, in the United States, in the cloud, on our servers, or on affiliate or third-party service provider servers. Law enforcement or other authorities may access your Personal Information pursuant to a lawful request. In such instances, 6sense puts measures in place to protect the security and confidentiality of your Personal Information. Where are you based in the UK, Switzerland, or the EEA, and we are required to transfer your Personal Information outside of the UK, Switzerland, or the EEA to countries not deemed by the ICO, FDPIC, or the European Commission (as relevant) to provide an adequate level of Personal Information protection, the transfer will be based on safeguards that allow us to conduct the transfer in accordance with Data Protection Legislation, such as specific contracts containing standard data protection clauses approved by the ICO, the FDPIC, or the European Commission (as relevant) providing adequate protection of Personal Information.
    Human Resources Data. With regard to Personal Information that 6sense receives in connection with the employment relationship, 6sense will use such Personal Information only for employment-related purposes. If 6sense intends to use this Personal Information for any other purpose, 6sense will notify the individual and provide an opportunity to opt out of such uses. 6sense’s use of Personal Information received in connection with employment-related purposes is governed by 6sense’s internal policies.
    Children’s Privacy. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children (individuals under 13 and, in certain jurisdictions, under the age of 16) and no part of the Sites are directed to children. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@6sense.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
    International Users. Any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of the State of California and the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with 6sense or the Sites will be in accordance with the Terms.

11. REVISIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY

6sense may change this Privacy Policy by posting an updated or revised Privacy Policy on our Sites. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically so that you will remain up-to-date. If you continue to visit the Sites and use the services made available to you after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
12. CONTACT INFORMATION – ACCESSING, CORRECTING, UPDATING YOUR DATA

If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or 6sense’s privacy practices or if you wish to change, amend, delete or review your Personal Information, please contact us via email or mail as follows

    Privacy Center
    privacy@6sense.com
    6Sense Insights, Inc. 450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA 94105

If you have a disability which prevents you from accessing this Privacy Policy, please contact privacy@6sense.com to access the policy in an alternative format.

You may also contact 6sense at (888) 614-5018 for privacy related requests.
Facebook-f
Twitter
Linkedin-in
Instagram
Marketing

    Account Identification
    Intent Data
    Data Enrichment & Management
    Predictive Analytics
    Orchestrations & Workflows
    Audience Building
    Advertising
    Conversational Email
    Pipeline Intelligence
    Integrations

Sales

    Company & People Search
    Account Intelligence
    Prioritization Dashboards
    Chrome Extension
    Predictive Analytics
    Intent Data
    Prospecting Workflows
    Integrations
    Learn more & Sign up

Solutions

    Business Services
    Financial Services
    Transportation & Logistics
    Manufacturing
    Technology

Customers

    Meet Our Customers
    Customer Stories
    Customer Reviews
    RevCity
    Knowledge Base

Resources

    Blog
    Guides
    6sense for 6sense
    Reports & Ebooks
    Research
    Tools
    Videos
    TalkingSense
    Events & Webinars
    One Pagers
    The Science of B2B
    Glossary

Company

    About
    Leadership Team
    Careers
    Newsroom
    Community
    Trust Center

Browse 6sense Data

    Our Data
    Technographics
    Comparing Technologies
    Company Search
    People Search

    Terms
    Privacy Policy (updated 2/27/23)
    Privacy Center
    Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information

©2023 6sense	


